...
Welcome to the debate.
Today, we're looking at the,
uh, huge and rapid push to
bring generative AI tools
into our schools, all the way
from K-twelve to university.
And it forces us to ask a
really important question:
Is AI a net positive,
something that actually
helps learning?
Or do the risks to things
like fairness and honesty
actually hurt learning
more than they help?
I'll be arguing that AI is
not just a benefit, it's
becoming a necessity.
And I'll argue that while,
yes, the promise of making
things easier is appealing,
the risks are just too high.
We're talking about bias,
cheating, and frankly, a
real drop in the kind of
thinking skills we want
students to develop.
We need to be much
more cautious.
Look, AI is already here.
It's part of the
world we live in.
For teachers, not using it
means missing out on, I mean,
massive gains in efficiency.
Think about it.
AI can help generate lesson
plans, draft quizzes,
handle emails.
This frees up-